1.	Log in to the CloudStack web interface as an administrator.

2.	Navigate to the "Infrastructure" tab and click "Zones".
3.	Click "Add Zone" and fill in the following information:
Zone Name: The name of your zone
Zone Type: Choose "Advanced" for more control over your network configuration
DNS Type: Choose "Virtual" if you want CloudStack to manage DNS for your virtual machines
Guest CIDR: The CIDR block for your guest network (e.g. 10.1.1.0/24)
VLAN: Choose "No" if you don't want to use VLANs, or "Yes" if you do
Network Offerings: Choose the network offerings that you want to make available in this zone
Primary Storage: Choose the primary storage provider that you want to use (e.g. NFS)
 
4.	Click "Next" and fill in the following information:
Hypervisor: Choose the hypervisor that you want to use (e.g. KVM)
Hosts: Add the hosts that you want to use in this zone
5.	Click "Next" and fill in the following information:
Storage: Choose the storage provider that you want to use for secondary storage (e.g. NFS)
System VMs: Choose the system VM template that you want to use (e.g. CentOS 7)
6.	Click "Next" and review your settings. Click "Finish" to create the zone.
7.	Navigate to the "Compute" tab and click "Service Offerings".
8.	Click "Add Service Offering" and fill in the following information:
Name: The name of your service offering
CPU: The number of CPU cores to allocate
Memory: The amount of memory to allocate (in MB)
Network Rate: The network rate for your virtual machines (in Mbps)


9.	Click "Next" and review your settings. Click "Finish" to create the service offering.
10.	Navigate to the "Compute" tab and click "Templates".
11.	Click "Add Template" and fill in the following information:
Name: The name of your template
URL: The URL for your template (e.g. http://mirror.centos.org/centos/7/os/x86_64/)
Format: The format of your template (e.g. QCOW2)
Zone: Choose the zone where you want to register the template
OS Type: The type of operating system that your template is based on (e.g. Linux)
Password Enabled: Choose "Yes" if you want to set a default password for your virtual machines
12.	Click "Next" and review your settings. Click "Finish" to register the template.
13.	Navigate to the "Compute" tab and click "Instance Groups".
14.	Click "Add Instance Group" and fill in the following information:
Name: The name of your instance group
Description: A brief description of your instance group
Zone: The zone where you want to create the instance group
Network: The network that you want to use for your virtual machines
Service Offering: The service offering that you want to use for your virtual machines
Template: The template that you want to use for your virtual machines
 
15.	Click "Next" and review








